README.md, before:

## Getting Started with this repo
1) Download and Install Go : https://golang.org/doc/install
2) Setup your Go workspace : https://golang.org/doc/code.html
3) Clone the project into "src" directory of your workspace (Note that if you want, you can skip step #2 and clone the project into any directoy. But make sure to setup GOPATH, GOROOT, GOBIN environment variable appropriately)   
$ **git clone https://github.com/kishore320/golang.git**
4) Thats it! You are ready to run the code samples available in the repo. For example, to run basics.go (from the cloned directory) just type   
$ **go run basics/basics.go**

## What is Golang ?
- Free and open source programming language created at Google in 2007.
- It was announced in 2009 and was used in some some of the Google’s production systems.
- Modern system level programming language.

## What was the need for yet another programming language ?
- Existing system level programming languages (even the best ones like c/c++) are not good enough for modern ways of computing (ex: cloud).
- Need to code for massive scale deployment in an efficient and easy manner.
- Language should be simple and powerful (with modern libraries).
- Easy to learn for new comers.

## Why should one consider it ?
- It is a statically typed system level programming language with modern standard library (efficient for modern computing say cloud).
- It is fast, simple, powerful and safe (safe pointers, no pointer arithmetic).
- Faster builds (typically less than a second or two). Go's efficient, clean, simple dependency management makes this possible.
- Supports first-class functions and lambdas.
- It has native concurrency support. Goroutines and channels (go concurrency constructs) are primitive to the language.
- It has Garbage Collection.
- Supports all the major OS and has good cross-platform support.
- It is open source, getting developed rapidly and has good community support.
- Backed by GOOGLE.
- TIOBE index ranked 18th popular language in 2017 (opposed to 44th in 2016).

## Some of the issues with Golang.
- No generics -> code duplication.
- Standard library is not offering generic algorithms.
- Tedious error handling.
- Not much adoption yet.

Commit message:

Updated the READEME.md to include the youtube link of my video tutorial series on 'Go Programming Language'

README.md, after:

## Getting Started with this repo
1) Download and Install Go : https://golang.org/doc/install
2) Setup your Go workspace : https://golang.org/doc/code.html
3) Clone the project into "src" directory of your workspace (Note that if you want, you can skip step #2 and clone the project into any directoy. But make sure to setup GOPATH, GOROOT, GOBIN environment variable appropriately)   
$ **git clone https://github.com/kishore320/golang.git**
4) Thats it! You are ready to run the code samples available in the repo. For example, to run basics.go (from the cloned directory) just type   
$ **go run basics/basics.go**

## Youtube tutorial series
- I have created a video tutorial series on 'Go Programming Language' in youtube which can be found at https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL48QUD19IdhtkpvMILQuEWuzbgI4wF7dW

## What is Golang ?
- Free and open source programming language created at Google in 2007.
- It was announced in 2009 and was used in some some of the Google’s production systems.
- Modern system level programming language.

## What was the need for yet another programming language ?
- Existing system level programming languages (even the best ones like c/c++) are not good enough for modern ways of computing (ex: cloud).
- Need to code for massive scale deployment in an efficient and easy manner.
- Language should be simple and powerful (with modern libraries).
- Easy to learn for new comers.

## Why should one consider it ?
- It is a statically typed system level programming language with modern standard library (efficient for modern computing say cloud).
- It is fast, simple, powerful and safe (safe pointers, no pointer arithmetic).
- Faster builds (typically less than a second or two). Go's efficient, clean, simple dependency management makes this possible.
- Supports first-class functions and lambdas.
- It has native concurrency support. Goroutines and channels (go concurrency constructs) are primitive to the language.
- It has Garbage Collection.
- Supports all the major OS and has good cross-platform support.
- It is open source, getting developed rapidly and has good community support.
- Backed by GOOGLE.
- TIOBE index ranked 18th popular language in 2017 (opposed to 44th in 2016).

## Some of the issues with Golang.
- No generics -> code duplication.
- Standard library is not offering generic algorithms.
- Tedious error handling.
- Not much adoption yet.
